Okay.
So here I will write system, not print.
Alan.
Okay.
Yes.
Simply system.
No, down, not print.
Alan.
Here, I will start with the backslash d greater than symbol.
You strike.
No, we have.
Just put the sentence.
You have taken too much damage.
So simply just try.
You have taken too
much damage.
And.
You are too weak to play the game.
Okay.
So this will show.
So what we will do here after this?
Just simply semicolon.
Okay.
And just simply break it.
So here I simply write.
You have taken too much damage and you are too weak to go on or to play the game.
So this is a little check here if our health goes and then what we are going to do is we are going to
say break to stop the game.
It will simply exit out.
So this big break statement here is going to break out this wine loop, the wine loop burn.
Okay.
So it's going to bring us down.
And so it's because I have got across.
Okay, so we are down.
Yeah.
So what happens when you die?
It's going to say you have been defeated and whatever the right.
Okay, so whatever.
So, so let's go ahead and finish the other inputs first of all.
So for the input to.
Okay.
So here for the input to here
and for the input two, we are going to drink health potion, right?
So one is going to be pretty simple.
So we are going to say we need us f statement here.
Numb health potions is greater than zero here.
So what it will do first, right?
And then simply explain UK Health Potion which will keep you numb.
Health potions.
Minus minus.
Just simply write system.
Not our dot trend, Len.
And here in this I will take your drink.
Health potion.
It's.
Yourself for?
A close
held ocean.
Cookie.
We need the health potion.
Okay, just to heal a moment and just simply here, I will put.
Not the other things we need.
Done here.
Okay.
But now we need to show our.
We need to show our health also here.
So, backslide.
Backslide.
Okay, you.
Your.
Current.
Health.
And.
How do we pull?
Which we do.
What we are doing.
Firstly for the input here.
Here we are going to drink a health potion.
This one going to be pretty simple.
So here we are going to say if our number of health potion, remember, that's a variable up here.
Here.
Hmm.
How many?
Health potions, how many health potions we have.
So if the number of health potions here is the.
Greater than zero.
That is, we have a health potion.
Then we can go ahead and simply say health plus equals to the health potion, the player amount.
So we are going to add on to our health the amount that the health potion yields so far.
We need to do the minus the number of health potions from our current inventory.
So the health potion minus minus.
So here simply going to minus one from the collection.
So to make sure we have actually used it and we are not sort of keeping them and infinitely using them,
then we are going to add a feedback, print out to our user.
It will show to to them to know what they have done.
And against this we formatted this.
So here I will say you drink a health potion for yourself.
Yourself for the, let's say, the exam on the health portion amount we have and we concatenate with
the system, not all the different allein and just the tab and the next line
here though.
So here you will see your current health or the the drink help portion healing yourself and the next
thing which we need your current health portion.
Okay, so the amount of health we have actually have and then the HP.
So it says you have healed yourself for X amount.
Okay.
I will just simply change this sentence and just it.
You have.
Heal yourself.
4x1, and now you have five a month of health.
Can you just see?
We?
And now you have.
You have.
What I have to say.
See, you have.
We've.
And.
The amount of.
Just remove this.
Okay.
So just.
So here we are going to tell them how many positions they have left.
So now I'm held position.
Hand pushing left and then backslash.
Okay.
So we will just here.
I will write the condition of NS.
The standard dart print are linear and just simply write backslash d greater than symbol and you have.
New health potions left.
Just simply write the feed.
Your enemies for a chance.
Got one?
Right.
So we have got it with that.
So if we are going to tell them how many options they have here.
Right.
So when they have number health, potion health.
So they have no health potion left.
So here I will write a new line here and give a little feedback information.
So user, if they use a health potion, firstly, check if there is a health potion available and we
are held on that or the amount that heals for on to our health.
And then we take away from one the inventory and we give this we give them this nice feedback here saying
that you have seen you have healed yourself for the X amount and now you have the right amount of health.
Now you have that amount of health potions left.
Okay.
So after that, we need to.
We have not created for this side.
Backslash and the.
Okay.
So here I will write you have you have just simply numb held portions and simply write portions left.
Just make the new line after that.
Okay.
So.
Hmm.
So we have done with this part.
So here, the little feedback it will show you have healed yourself for X amount and now you have y
amount of health and now you have that amount of health portion left.
Now we have go ahead and add an L statement here.
And it simply in the case the user does not actually have any health portion left.
And it is going to be.
System no doubt that println and it will say we are going with the backslash t greater than symbol.
Then we are going to say you have no health potion left and then I'm going to say defeat enemies.
Defeat your enemies for a chance to get one because we have not added it yet.
But the MacInnes mechanic is for when we defeat an enemy there is going to be a random chance of random,
just not mandatory terms.
It will be a random chance that there is a percentage chance, a random chance for an enemy to drop
a health potion that is going really we have got a lot of code in here now.
We are going to go all over it at the end, though, in case you missed it in.
Firstly run that first.